both children pay attention to all
together we go from station where where
taught please to guess mystery
diviner
I know I get bored you can not see the
moon but on one side maybe we can
see the sky is cloudy and Martians
aliens and the fliers
you will love this episode the
situation and amazing inclusion of salma
in the observatory in the eclipses and
from these monitors connected to
telescope children can be observed
astronomical phenomena such as for example
the eclipses
I teach you can look through the telescope
do not samba that telescope is
exclusively for scientific use
good kids here the tour ends
follow me all together do not double one
ah
r
I expected
that I always take in the missions more
easy monkeys and dogs are
much braver at the time of
face the unknown
by chance tighten the red button
of the telescope
let's see a negative eclipse I'm a
astronaut monkey I'm not a day of sightseeing
spatial child
damn
I'm so weak
the moment in which a celestial body
blocks the light allows another body
celestial and if the bodies are from another
Celestial color means object of origin
natural space or planet or satellite
the sun or comet and so on when one is
for the light emitted by the other that is
called eclipse ready let's go back and
I get it
let's open one the planets rotate
on its same axis as if they were a
spinning and at the same time the planets
of the solar system revolve around the
sun these movements are called rotation
and translation well sometimes in between
movement happens that light is blocked
between them for a few moments
that is called the eclipse for example
now
the earth shades the moon
this is a total lunar eclipse makes you
shadow to the moon and the eclipse of the sun
How is it
the solar eclipse when the moon
interpose between the sun and the earth and
the sun darkened
now it's as if the moon made him
shadow to the earth like this is affirmative
little by little you are evolving
maybe one day I'll be cute and such
After about eight million years can
convert from astronaut little friend
what do you think if we are going to know the
most fabulous planet in the solar system
and that we can not repeat
someone has to put limits to
these children
Y